README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/yii-extension" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ehSTPnXqrkk0M3U-UPCjC0fty9K6lgykK2WOUA2nUHp8gIkRjeTN8z8SABlkvcvR-9PIrboxIvPGujPgWebLQeHHgX7yLUoxFSduiZrTog6WoZLiAvqcTR1QTPVRmns2tYjACpp7EQ=w2400" height="100px">
    </a>
    <h1 align="center">Simple widget for Yii3.</h1>
    <br>
</p>

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/yii-extension/simple-widget/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/yii-extension/simple-widget)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/yii-extension/simple-widget/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=gaUysTvoUu)](https://codecov.io/gh/yii-extension/simple-widget)
[![Mutation testing badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadge-api.stryker-mutator.io%2Fgithub.com%2Fyii-extension%2Fsimple-widget%2Fmaster)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/master)
[![static analysis](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/workflows/static%20analysis/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/actions?query=workflow%3A%22static+analysis%22)
[![type-coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/yii-extension/simple-widget/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yii-extension/simple-widget)



## Installation

```shell
composer require simple-widget
```

### Unit testing

The package is tested with [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/). To run tests:

```shell
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

### Mutation testing

The package tests are checked with [Infection](https://infection.github.io/) mutation framework. To run it:

```shell
./vendor/bin/infection
```

### Static analysis

The code is statically analyzed with [Phan](https://github.com/phan/phan/wiki). To run static analysis:

```shell
./vendor/bin/phan
```

### License

The Simple widget for Yii3 is free software. It is released under the terms of the BSD License.
Please see [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE.md) for more information.

Maintained by [Yii Extension](https://github.com/yii-extension).

Commit message:

Fix issue psalm, update README.md.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/yii-extension" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ehSTPnXqrkk0M3U-UPCjC0fty9K6lgykK2WOUA2nUHp8gIkRjeTN8z8SABlkvcvR-9PIrboxIvPGujPgWebLQeHHgX7yLUoxFSduiZrTog6WoZLiAvqcTR1QTPVRmns2tYjACpp7EQ=w2400" height="100px">
    </a>
    <h1 align="center">Simple widget for Yii3.</h1>
    <br>
</p>

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/yii-extension/simple-widget/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/yii-extension/simple-widget)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/yii-extension/simple-widget/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=gaUysTvoUu)](https://codecov.io/gh/yii-extension/simple-widget)
[![Mutation testing badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadge-api.stryker-mutator.io%2Fgithub.com%2Fyii-extension%2Fsimple-widget%2Fmaster)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/master)
[![static analysis](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/workflows/static%20analysis/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yii-extension/simple-widget/actions?query=workflow%3A%22static+analysis%22)
[![type-coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/yii-extension/simple-widget/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yii-extension/simple-widget)



## Installation

```shell
composer require simple-widget
```

### Unit testing

The package is tested with [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/). To run tests:

```shell
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

### Mutation testing

The package tests are checked with [Infection](https://infection.github.io/) mutation framework. To run it:

```shell
./vendor/bin/infection
```

## Static analysis

The code is statically analyzed with [Psalm](https://psalm.dev/docs). To run static analysis:

```shell
./vendor/bin/psalm
```

### Support the project

[![Open Collective](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Collective-sponsor-7eadf1?logo=open%20collective&logoColor=7eadf1&labelColor=555555)](https://opencollective.com/yiisoft)

## License

The simple-widget for Yii Packages is free software. It is released under the terms of the BSD License.
Please see [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE.md) for more information.

Maintained by [Yii Extension](https://github.com/yii-extension).
